I'm coming back to you looking for CEO
when apart from CEOs when you hire
people what kind of skills do you want
them to have any do you look at it
listen people
how are you started
well I mean though that the when I
interview somebody I really just asked
them to tell me the story of their
career and what they you know what are
some of this tougher problems that they
dealt with how they dealt with those and
how they made decisions at key
transition points and and usually that's
enough for me to get a very good gut
feel about someone and and what I'm
really looking for is evidence of
exceptional ability so that they face
really difficult problems and overcome
them and and then of course you want to
make sure that that if there was some
significant accomplishment were they
really responsible with somebody else
more responsible and they usually the
person who's had to struggle with the
problem they really understand it you
know better then they don't forget you
know if it was very difficult so you can
ask them detailed very detailed
questions about it and they will they'll
know the answer whereas the person who
was not truly responsible for that
accomplishment will not know the details
no it's not it's it
there's no need even to have a college
degree at all or even high school isn't
it the I mean if somebody graduated from
a great university that may be an Indian
indication that they will be capable of
great things but it's not necessarily
the case you know if you look at say
people like Bill Gates for Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs these guys didn't graduate
from college but if you had a chance to
hire them of course that would be a good
idea so you know just looking just for
evidence of exceptional ability and if
there's a track record of exceptional
achievement then it's likely that that
will continue into the future
all right
am I supposed to see something